hi guys this is another video by race
track of one two three and I'll be
seeing you how to make a homemade we're
gonna enjoy a spin on my version you
don't like it don't have to try so you
need four of these ones not so big big
or small the channels what's so four of
them get will need two of these and four
of these any color 12 of those in two of
these any color but two of these these
colors cousin makes a little mixture and
these two like chip and just the trip
back to ok so first just get the like
tip put on the square like that so then
get all these put that part on there all
of them just quickly do it needle needle
member so it's like that and that but
then you get this whichever one put it
up to over there whoops the two over
there like that and then get the other
kind which is this kind and put it here
so it's like a pattern and you get this
one again and put it next to that there
and then you get the last one and put it
on so then it ends up like this whoops
right well sorry again ah so then you
get these two pieces and put them here
anyone anywhere that's the skinny part
okay then you get this part the like
Ruffy one and get that side not outside
the other side to face out there so like
that pill in left and do it with you
over whoops sorry then and then you get
you put the red one there Mescaleros one
that and then put the blue one there oh
it's like that what so then it's like a
little mixed rat in the middle I'll just
all you add or faster one oh ok sorry
that up like that
oh thanks for watching and I haven't
been holding the camera up the yeah
camera I've been putting it on my lego
lego holder this puck the pot here with
cameras but in the middle put it heat
then you put it in the middle so it
grips sink on get past like that oh
thanks for watching please subscribe
like and write a comment oh yeah